Project 3 Questions

Part 1:
No Questions.

Part 2:
What is the behavior of the system when no input signal is applied?
Even when no signal is applied, the ADC will continue generating samples and the DMA will continue moving the data,
so the application will continue to run, but the data will just just be noise determined by the environment.
[DMA portion of this answer only applicable in later parts of the project, this part of the project did not include
DMA setup].

Part 3:
What source and destination DMA read and write size did you choose and why?
I selected 16-bit reads and writes for the DMA because the ADC contains 16 bits. Using more than 16 bits would be less effecient for RAM use and
using fewer than 16 bits would reduce the precision of the application. Any type promotions needed for the computations done with the data from
the ADC can be done after the data is read from the buffer.

Part 4: 
What is the consequence of a lengthy or delayed interrupt service for the data retrieved by the DMA controller?
If the interrupt service routine that responds to the filling of DMA destination buffer is delayed, it is possible that the older data in the 
buffer will be overwritten by the newly collected data because of the modulo increment of the destination buffer write address.

Part 5:
What effect does changing the buffer size have on system processing efficiency?
Increasing the buffer size increases the processing effeciency because the device will have to compute the decay function and update the peak
less frequently. It will also reduce the number of interrupts that will need to be serviced and will also reduce the number of times the MCU
will need to "wake up" if it is put into a sleep mode while awaiting interrupts from the DMA controller.

What other effect(s) does changing the buffer size have on the system?
Increasing the buffer size will naturally slow down the decay of the peak because it increases the interval. Increasing the buffer size also
increases the memory consumption of the application. Increasing the buffer size also increases the importance that the processing be at least close
to as fast as the DMA collection so that data is not loss (because there is more time for DMA to "get ahead" of the processing).